---
description: >-
  Compare the free vs. the paid plan of the Adobe Analytics Component Manager
  for Google Sheets
---

# Free vs. Premium Version

The Adobe Analytics Component Manager for Google Sheets offers many functions. It saves you, the Adobe Analytics Admin, 100's of hours of boring manual work and makes life for your Analytics users easier. While true pros can unlock the biggest time savers with the "Premium" plan ([**contact us**](contact.md#want-to-find-out-more-contact-us)!), the free version offers some useful starter features as well:

<table><thead><tr><th width="144">Area</th><th width="374">Feature</th><th align="center">Free</th><th align="center">Premium</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="main-functions/the-component-editor-tab.md">Component Editor</a></td><td>List Components (Calc Metrics, Segments, Date Ranges, Dimensions (incl. eVars, props, Classifications, List Vars), Metrics (incl. Success Events), all or by Virtual Report Suite's Curated Components</td><td align="center">x</td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bulk-Edit Components (delete, rename, add/remove from Virtual Report Suites "curated components")</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/the-component-usage-tab.md">Component Usage</a></td><td>List Components by usage (how popular, and in which Workspaces and Segment/Calc Metric definitions), incl. showing duplicates</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Suggest Duplicates to Harmonize</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Suggest Components to delete</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Replace Components by others in all Workspaces, Segments and Calculated Metrics</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/the-workspaces-tab.md">Workspaces</a></td><td>List Workspaces incl. tags, owners, number of active e-mail schedules etc.</td><td align="center">x</td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Show viewing stats per Workspace</td><td align="center">90 days back</td><td align="center">400 days back</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Delete or Rename Workspaces in bulk</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Get Project Schedules</td><td align="center">x</td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td>Report Suites</td><td>List Report Suites</td><td align="center">x</td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><a href="main-functions/compare-report-suites.md">Compare Report Suite</a> settings</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td></td><td><a href="main-functions/report-suite-editor-evars-props-success-events.md">Report Suite Editor:</a> List &#x26; bulk-edit eVars, props &#x26; Success Events</td><td align="center">x (but without metrics/ eVar stats)</td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/account-usage.md">Account Usage Stats</a></td><td>View Login &#x26; Workspace view stats</td><td align="center">184 days back</td><td align="center">3 years back</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>View users by login activity incl. trends across last 4 rolling quarters</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/report-getter.md">Report Getter</a></td><td>Get and schedule Adobe Analytics Reports to Google Sheets, incl. scheduling</td><td align="center">3 scheduled reports, no CSV export</td><td align="center">unlimited</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/segment-pruner.md">Segment Pruner</a></td><td>Prune large segments to the parts that are really necessary</td><td align="center">30 days back</td><td align="center">750 days back</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/variable-health-report.md">Variable Health Report</a></td><td>Checks all your dimensions and metrics for trends and sumarizes biggest changes, incl. scheduling and result summaries to Slack</td><td align="center">max 7 days, no scheduling</td><td align="center">full feature set</td></tr><tr><td><a href="main-functions/alerts.md">Alerts</a></td><td>View all Alerts incl. definitions, delete, extend, expire Alerts in bulk</td><td align="center"></td><td align="center">x</td></tr></tbody></table>

## How will my data be used?

Just like with the Premium version, your data is not used for any other purpose than providing you with the services of the Component Manager. Apart from your Adobe API credentials and the Google account e-mail address which you use the Component Manager with, we do not store any client-identifying data on our servers. We also access only component meta data and account usage logs (if you use the account usage stats function) from Adobe Analytics. We never access any report data.&#x20;

If you choose to import names and email addresses of your organization's Adobe Analytics users, those are never stored on our servers, they are simply retrieved from Adobe and then written into your Google Sheet(s), which -  if you want that - can even be owned by your organization's Google Workspace account. For more, see our [info on data protection](what-data-is-processed-and-stored-where.md).
